## Work Log - April 4, 2024

 - Started week 5 of 100xDevs cohort.
 - Wrote a note about array and object destructuring because those concepts are new to me[Checkout notes].
 - Wrote a note about Understanding React's Component Re-rendering Behavior.
 - Completed lecture 5.1 on react foundations.
    learn about:
        * Difference between Virtual and Real DOMs in React
        * Introduction to key React concepts: State, Components, and Re-rendering
        * Mastering React Props: passing data, functional and class components, immutability, customization, and reusability
        * Understanding the importance of immutable and read-only props
        * How to pass functions as props for greater customization and reusability
        * Default values and destructuring props for easier access and cleaner code

 Notes:
 why we need react:
    - Not needed for static websites. REACT is for dynamic websites, and it makes DOM manipulation easier.
    - 3 jargons related to react: components, state, re-rendering.
    - State is an object in which the dynamic items/ values of items of a webpage is stored. To change these values we just need to update the values inside the state object. The react will take care of updating these changes in the DOM.
    - Component is a DOM element which updates according to the state when the state is given/changes. A component spits out some html element given a state.
    - Re-rendering is the activity that happens when the state is getting updated and the component reflects those update. A state change triggers a re-render.
    - We need to setup react to watch our state variables.
    - JSX - Javascript XML, is a JS file in which we can write both xml and JS code.
    - npm run build.