# Work Log - March 9, 2024

- Completed an one hour session by harkirat on express with some demos. The session covered topics including single-threaded and coded examples, introduction to HTTP servers and Express, revision on request methods, status codes, and real-world examples. It also included discussions on creating endpoints for GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE requests, using Postman for testing, handling edge cases, and an assignment walkthrough.

- Completed another session which covered an introduction, followed by discussions on arrow functions, a problem statement, standard solution, conceptualizing alternative solutions using the map function, syntax of the map function, writing code for other solutions, an assignment, filtering by brute force, conceptualizing filtering functions, startsWith function, and summarizing key concepts including filter, map, arrow functions, forEach, reduce, spread, destructuring, and the spread operator. Created a note which can be used later to revise all these.

- Completed another session by Laisha Wadhwa which covers a comprehensive introduction to Git and version control systems, starting with an explanation of centralized and distributed VCS. It delves into the importance of Git, its key features, and the role of GitHub. It covers various terms and terminologies in Git, explains Git workflows, commits, and common Git commands. Additionally, it guides viewers on getting started with GitHub, including creating a new repository, installing Git, pushing code to GitHub via the command-line interface, and authenticating. Branching, merging, and pull requests are discussed, along with addressing Git merge conflicts and resolving them effectively.